Deliverables/Deliverable 1.md, before:

# "Software Project Plan Document" Outline 

### 1) Introduction -- Elif Sahin

  #### Project statement and objectives
  
  #### Major functions
  
  ####  Performance issues (if any)

### 2) Project Estimates - Bulut Tok

  #### Historical data used for estimation
  
  #### Estimation techniques
  
  #### Estimates

### 3) Project Risks - Phillip Nikolov

  #### Risk identification
  
  #### Risk estimation
  
  #### Risk resolution

### 4) Schedule

  #### Project work breakdown structure
  
  #### Task network (CPM)
  
  #### Time-line chart (Gantt chart)

### 5) Project Resources - Kyle Moran

  #### People
    We have our team to reach out to
    And as of the first week don't have anyone else to reach out to
  
  #### Hardware
    Each person should have there own computer and the ability to make a development server.
    We will need a server to host the website and the back-end
  
  #### Software
    We will be using github for source control
    Our frontend will use `React.js` as a component library
    The backend will use `Django` and `SQLite`

### 6) Activity Log - Brian Alvarez

  #### Reading time 
  
  #### Project time
  
  #### Meeting time
  
  #### Agenda and meeting minutes

### 7) Appendices

Commit message:

introduction
Source: https://checkify.com/blog/what-is-a-todo-list/

Deliverables/Deliverable 1.md, after:

# "Software Project Plan Document" Outline 

### 1) Introduction -- Elif Sahin

  #### Project statement and objectives
  Individuals may have multiple tasks to complete and want to organize them. They can be a project manager, an operation manager, a student with a busy schedule, a financial analyst, or even a person who is working full time and also trying to organize their time to cook, do laundry, or any type of housework. This organization would be done by writing on a post-it or a piece of paper in the past. However, with technology evolving, it can be done by creating a word document, putting the task in excel, or saving them to a phone's notes. The downside of these approaches are that it takes time, it’s hard to put the tasks in an order, and does not have self-reminders, the individual will have to track their document or notes to keep updated with what will come next. This project's objective is to develop a user-friendly, fast performing, and effective to-do list website that lets users prioritize, arrange their tasks, and improve their time and task management skills.
  
  #### Major functions
  1. Users can create a task, edit it, and mark it complete when the task is done.
  2. User can set reminders while creating their task.
  3. Users can put their tasks in different categories.
  4. Users can set deadlines for their tasks.
  5. Users can view their weekly and monthly dashboard that illustrates their process of completing tasks.
  6. Users can share their to-do list with different users.
  
  ####  Performance issues (if any)
  1. Users network speed
  2. Security issues 
  3. Requirement of servers
  4. Database optimization
  5. Syncronization with different platforms

### 2) Project Estimates - Bulut Tok

  #### Historical data used for estimation
  
  #### Estimation techniques
  
  #### Estimates

### 3) Project Risks - Phillip Nikolov

  #### Risk identification
  
  #### Risk estimation
  
  #### Risk resolution

### 4) Schedule

  #### Project work breakdown structure
  
  #### Task network (CPM)
  
  #### Time-line chart (Gantt chart)

### 5) Project Resources - Kyle Moran

  #### People
    We have our team to reach out to
    And as of the first week don't have anyone else to reach out to
  
  #### Hardware
    Each person should have there own computer and the ability to make a development server.
    We will need a server to host the website and the back-end
  
  #### Software
    We will be using github for source control
    Our frontend will use `React.js` as a component library
    The backend will use `Django` and `SQLite`

### 6) Activity Log - Brian Alvarez

  #### Reading time 
  
  #### Project time
  
  #### Meeting time
  
  #### Agenda and meeting minutes

### 7) Appendices
